[00:00 - 00:19] Okay, so first we're going to start with introductions.  So your occupation, age and nationality?  Okay, my nationality is India, I'm 30 years. I'm working as a data engineer right now. 
[00:19 - 00:37] And I also have my own company where I'm building some apps.  Cool, and what's your level of Danish? My level of Danish I have done, PD2, but it's also been some time. 
[00:37 - 00:54] So are you currently attending classes?  No, I'm not currently attending.  Okay, and did you attend them in the past?  Yes, two years ago I have taken classes. And why did you stop? 
[00:54 - 01:14] Multiple reasons, I just got busy with other things in life.  Also the COVID situation, there were online classes that were happening.  I took one session of online classes, I didn't enjoy it as much. So now that all of this is over, I plan to resume my Danish classes. 
[01:14 - 01:30] Okay, and are you using any mobile apps for learning Danish?  From time to time I have used Duolingo.  I think that's probably the main app. And of course, some things like Google Translate is the other thing that I don't use for learning. 
[01:30 - 01:46] But every time I do, I understand something.  Okay, so basically if I would summarize this, you won another Danish.  You just didn't have enough time or... Yeah, definitely. 
[01:46 - 02:03] Okay, and now we're going to move on to the questions about dance in town.  So in general, did you feel motivated to use the app? Yeah, I would say the app has a very simple user interface. 
[02:03 - 02:21] I like the fact that there is just one simple big button to press on the main screen.  Instead of five different buttons, there is just one big round button.  So that is very clear to the user what to do. There is a lot of practice and things built in. 
[02:22 - 02:41] And more in regards to the fact that daily when you're for example walking around,  did you feel like, oh, I'm going to make a picture?  Or how would you describe the motivation?  What prompted you? Was it more because I asked you or was it somewhere in... 
[02:41 - 03:01] You know what I mean?  After a few days you were like, oh, I remember about this app, I'm going to use it.  Yeah, I mean there were times where I forgot and there were times where I remembered.  But it was in my awareness, like mental space when I was walking around, that if I saw a sign with some cool phrases or words that I would like to remember or practice again, 
[03:01 - 03:19] then it's nice that you can easily capture it.  And you don't have to worry about transcribing it or translating it.  I think that is really important to have the whole capture process as simple as possible. And making that simple was a motivation. 
[03:22 - 03:40] In general, how much did you use it for taking photos and how much for the exercise?  I think I would say mostly I used it for taking photos.  I also did some practice exercises there. But mainly it was easier for me to take capture. 
[03:40 - 04:00] I do think doing the exercises is something that is better over the longer period of time.  Once you have enough photos, maybe once you have 30, 40, 50.  If you have only 5 or 10 or 15, then the exercises feel a bit redundant. So I think the value of that increases with time. 
[04:00 - 04:18] Also there's this whole concept of spaced repetition, right?  Because you know you could also practice from the whole pool of pictures.  But I guess it makes sense with your own stuff. I wanted to ask you if you didn't use the exercises, why, but you kind of answered. 
[04:19 - 04:36] And how often were you using it? Like daily or how long per day?  I would open the app a few times a day.  I think it was mostly when I was walking around or just outside at a cafe. I took like 2 or 3 pictures from within one of the cafes. 
[04:38 - 04:57] So at least it was in my mind and awareness when I was walking daily.  And that's where I was using it. And was there something in the app that made you particularly interested in coming back to use it the next day? 
[04:58 - 05:14] For example, yesterday I saw this cool thing, I want to make pictures again or I want to exercise right now.  Yeah, I think it's just when you open the app, it's very easy to see the last pictures that you took. So that is a good motivation to open the app and just a mental reminder. 
[05:16 - 05:34] And also just the fact that knowing how easy it is to capture something.  For example, compared to even like the iPhone photo app where it will go to your photo album  and then from there you have to organize them somewhere else. So this is nicer for an app to do this. 
[05:34 - 05:54] So basically, you're saying that it's nice that there is a built-in camera.  Exactly.  Rather than importing from photos.  Do you think there could be something that could engage you more? Yeah, definitely. I think at least one thing is more notifications. 
[05:54 - 06:15] It could even be like smarter notifications.  For example, you can detect when I'm outside the city, when I'm walking around rather than at home.  And you could notify me at the right times and at the right spots. There could also be maybe some more internal motivation messages in the app to practice 
[06:16 - 06:36] or some kind of internal reminders, not notifications, but just to push the audience more.  I think that would be nice.  I agree. In regards to surroundings, did you feel anything different after you started using the app? 
[06:38 - 06:58] So maybe for the first two or three times I would also see if it's not a bit weird to take some of the pictures.  For example, if there are other people. Because most people would be like, he's the worst photographer who has no taste in pictures. 
[06:59 - 07:16] True, that's a good point.  So you would be thinking, what do other people think about my taste?  While you're making pictures of random places.  Yeah, or like a random street sign. But that's fine. I don't consider that as a big problem. 
[07:20 - 07:40] So that's it? Or was there more about the surroundings or mostly that part?  I think the other thing was just I was more aware of looking out for signs in general. As a non-gay, I almost tend to never read anything on the city. 
[07:40 - 07:59] Ignore everything.  There are so many messages that are around you everywhere in the city.  If you pay attention, there are hundreds of things that I don't even see every day. So it's cool to once in a while pay attention to what is the sign in the bus or what is the sign. 
[08:03 - 08:21] But did you feel also that the app made you more interested in Danish vocabulary?  Yeah, for sure.  Just to get also more interested in the culture aspect of looking around for the signs and the phrases. Is that for you connected to actually learning the language? 
[08:22 - 08:43] I know you said you already wanted to learn, but do you feel like you may be more interested in learning soon?  Or it's not really connected?  It will definitely push. At least it's like a gentle reminder every day, right? So it's not something that you put out on some yearly planner and then it goes hidden away for the rest of the year. 
[08:44 - 09:03] So at least it's there in your mental space.  And that's already a good start because it builds up over time.  If I keep using it, then my interest alone also keeps increasing at the same level.  And did you find the images uploaded by others relevant? So it was the part of exercise that you could see the whole pool? 
[09:04 - 09:21] Yeah. I didn't pay that much attention to it, but it was nice to have that as well.  It was good to see.  It's good feedback.  So why are you showing random images? So it's everything that everyone made. 
[09:22 - 09:38] So there is now like 240 images and you could just see whatever people made.  But that was actually very cool.  I would say that's a very pretty, like rather than showing my own images, I actually liked that. I think it's not really clear. 
[09:39 - 09:56] I feel like people maybe didn't understand that.  It's not really saying where the picture is coming from.  Yeah, I thought it was your own database. No, I mean, it's connected to this website, but literally 180 pictures are made by my professor who loves this app so much that he makes pictures. 
[09:57 - 10:15] Really? But that's so awesome.  That's very cool.  So that's like also a social aspect too.  There is some obstacles because people can upload anything.  Yeah, you need some kind of moderation. Because if someone uploads something, I don't want that to be shown. 
[10:16 - 10:37] Exactly.  Or for example, like, you know, if I give this app to a child, then you have to be 50 times more careful of what pops up in front of like where they're practicing.  You don't want some image to come.  I know. So for now, I mean, we only have 10 people using it and I know those people, but it's something to consider. 
[10:38 - 10:55] It is.  And in general, do you have any comments on the upload flow?  So like the whole process from making a picture to writing the translation and saving it.  Yeah, I mean, one thing I'm not sure if the app allows you to delete something if you accidentally upload it. So that would be nice. 
[10:56 - 11:13] I don't think maybe once or twice, like I was just testing it out and I took something and I would have liked to delete it.  So that would be nice. Maybe you can just make it a bit more clear or the flow, like some kind of a sign on top saying that the image has been added successfully. 
[11:14 - 11:31] It was not a big problem, but maybe the only thing would be to be able to delete some old pictures. I think also there is a positive flow sometimes because I'm using like, it's not really on App Store, so I think it's slowing it down additionally on this expo thing. 
[11:31 - 11:56] Yeah, but regarding the slow thing, again, just putting a loading indicator would be fine.  Yes, and then would you say that the app is like, would you consider it as somewhat a learning tool for you for Danish? Yes, for sure. I think this is like a very cool tool. I mean, this is, I think, one of a really good idea to just take the tool. 
[11:57 - 12:23] So now we're going to talk a little bit about the application in general. So if you would have to say how easy was it to use for you, you can indicate by number, but also describe. Yeah, I would put it like as a very high degree of easiness. I think it was very clear that you just had four buttons on the bottom to log out to practice. 
[12:23 - 12:42] So when we would say like in terms of difficulty, it was very obvious. Like it was not anything that I faced problems with. Maybe some things like, yeah, when you log out, you could have some confirmation buttons or something.  I heard about that. Because I accidentally, people tap on it accidentally, right? It's very, it's next to the practice button. 
[12:43 - 13:06] So in general, like anything that is slightly destructive action, that always should have a confirmation. Anything that's like non-destructive, it's fine. But destructive, like logging out is a little bit destructive, it closes the session. Yeah, that's really good point. And if you would say what did you like the most, I think I know already what you would like. 
[13:07 - 13:45] I think you like the build and camera.  Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I think just the easiness of having one app to do it all.  And if you would say what do you think is missing? Yeah, notifications and the practice things. I think they need a better, like you could go to the practice tab and you can practice. But I think there should be some kind of a spaced repetition button where you could say when was the last time you practiced. When is the next interval? Like the app could schedule the next time you should practice. 
[13:46 - 14:12] So you mean like you practice today and you reach some point? Or like, you mean like point system or more like time related things? Both. Like basically if I practice today, then those words that I got correctly should not be shown in the next session. And the app could sort of every word in the database, next to every word you could have some kind of a next estimated time. Like when should this be shown next? 
[14:13 - 14:38] And every time I learned that word, the space of that word needs to increase. For example, if I got that word correct five times, then you don't have to show it the next time. You can show it after one month. Or if I got the word wrong next time, then show that word in the next practice. So just you know, like a spaced repetition system is basically what I think would be good. Anything else? 
[14:38 - 15:03] Anything else?  So right now, what are you using for translation services?  So right now, what are you using for translation services?  And for Google API. Google API, right? Yeah, I think that's fine. One of the things is, for example, with AI, you have like these new APIs by OpenAI to like find the elements in an image and more easily. 
[15:03 - 15:36] So maybe I don't even have to type the phrase myself. You could extract the most interesting part of the phrase yourself. Like, maybe I shouldn't have to type. You know, like it could show me. It could also show me other things that I might have missed out. For example, if there's an object in the image, like I don't know, a cup or something that the app finds interesting, which actually is surprisingly easy now with you literally have to just type a question saying what are the interesting things in the image. So not even text, but actually like objects. 
[15:36 - 16:08] Objects, yeah. And there are some really great object recognition APIs that give you the most interesting. Like you could say that the user is learning Danish. In that context, what are the most interesting? So you can do this kind of, you can even target the prompt. I think that's a really great idea, but probably not in this context. But it sounds good. I mean, it's just like, it sounds complicated, but I agree with the writing because that's user friendly to type it in. 
[16:09 - 16:37] Or at least it could be pre-written and then the user can modify it. Like if I don't like I can change it, but at least I shouldn't have to pre-fill out. I think that that is maybe, but also at the same time, it is more conscious effort when you type it in. That's what I was thinking. I mean, maybe there is a value in you actually typing the words in terms of learning, but I can also see this is micro learning. So it's supposed to be really fast. And maybe sometimes it could discourage you if you have like a lot. 
[16:38 - 17:06] Especially when you're outside on the street, taking a picture, you also are not in the best situation to type out. If you're at home, that's fine. If you're at home, you can take all the time. But when I'm walking around with someone or when I'm just walking on the street, then it's a bit more because then you really have to spend two minutes. And the last thing is that would you advise or like recommend the app to somebody else? 
[17:07 - 17:29] Yeah, for sure. I think the only one thing consideration would be, as you mentioned, like the wrong images should not show up if you give it to a kid or if you give it to someone underage. So maybe that's the only thing, but otherwise, yes. I think we have everything. Thank you so much. 